## Letter to Julia Cameron 

* https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#sent/KtbxLthlvdxPQcmXdXzDRrZdqbRXCvXtnV

```
Hi Julia,

At this point - because of you and other influences which you know
(such as Dorothea Brande) I am a bit busy - trying to achieve my first
book to Brazil's market. Besides being thankful, the reason for this
message is to support you regarding the possibility of publishing The
Right to Write to pt-br:

So I wanted to step ahead here, and let you know that if you consider
The Right to Write to be available for Brazil's market, I could be a
supporting peer - in whatever ways you may need, starting with this
simple motivation letter - see reasons next - or in other ways if you
ever need, such as to engage to give a read, a review, to engage in
other ways, to recommend potential translators, to be myself involved
if you want, or to check if the translation carries the level of
sensitivity that your writing has for example.

The supporting message for The Right to Write in pt-Br for Brazil's
market has to do with the fact that The Artist's Way was given to this
area. I would add, as one who went through The Artist's Way and passed
through The Right to Write: I do think that the second is key for
wrapping up the development. When I read the Artist's Way, I said that
"she is a genius." But then I read another book, and I had to move
Julia of the Artist's Way to second place; I mean, the Julia of The
Right to Write was even greater than the Julia of The Artist's Way. A
genius within a genius? Or a genius outside a genius?

I can't wait to finish my book and read it again. By now I may have
done 1.5 years of morning pages. Writing is not painful. I can't start
my day without writing. I am thankful to you, or remember you, almost
every week. Through many pages I started with "With Julia Cameron, ...
"

Marcio
```
